# ideas
It's easier to follow one's own ideas, reflect upon and pursue. This book put the reader in the centre of his/her daily interactions and observations. The book doesn't attempt to impart any second hand knowledge, but it attempts to voice the many ideas the reader might already have and relate to. The book is an attempt to encourage the reader and act as a catalyst in identifying a sweet spot of the reader and his ideas and what solution he can envision to build using AI. The authors of this book have contemplated on the ideas and believe the process might be useful to others who are interested in the space of AI. The intention of this book is to encourage the readers in coming up with their own ideas around AI and take a solution first approach in this context. When we often pick up a book which we find relatable and we can see progress with it, the book makes the reader guess and it motivates the readers to discover answers. This book looks at things in everyday life and sees the opportunity to connect with readers. The chapters are self contained, the reader can pick up any chapter in any random order as per his own interest and hope we will be able to do some justice for we value the time our reader  spends to read this. We plan to add a GitHub page where we develop the below ideas in future, also cover these in different formats, podcasts,  youtube, blogs. We want to see this book as Seasons and Episode, where the underlying theme is the same, we are committed to work and bring interesting aspects to our readers.
# Home
[Home](index.md)
